[[!meta title="Agenda for the next contributors meeting"]]

See also:

 * [[place, date, and other documentation about these meetings|contribute/meetings]]
 * the [[minutes of past meetings|contribute/meetings]]
 * [See all open discuss tickets](https://labs.riseup.net/code/projects/tails/issues?query_id=114)

Availability and plans for the next weeks
=========================================

  - Volunteers to handle "[Hole in the
    roof](https://labs.riseup.net/code/versions/198)" tickets this
    month
  - Volunteers to handle important tickets flagged for next release,
    but without assignee
  - Availability and plans until the next meeting
  - Important missing bits in the next [[monthly report|blueprint/monthly_report]].

Discussions
===========

[[Prepare a discussion|contribute/meetings#preparing-a-discussion]]
and add your topic here:

### Strategic planning

We'll discuss "Oppressed people can safely use Tails (e.g. without being detected) [B, +5-3]".

See [[blueprint/strategic_planning]] for the terminology.

### Gather comments on our draft personas

Chapter 3: [[Derya, the privacy advocate|personas#derya]]

From the work that we did at the last summit, we drafted skeletons of
personas: a very basic description of what kind of users they are.

We are still missing lots of:

- Details, to bring them to life
- Research, to make sure they represent real users accurately
- Collective discussions, to decide how much effort we want to dedicate
  to make Tails work better for each of them

But, still I wanted to gather some initial comments from all of you on
the work that we already.

We drafted four personas:

- Kim, the surveilled at home
- Cris, the sensitive information gatherer
- Riou, the protest organizer
- Derya, the privacy advocate

Until in May, June, July, and August I'll propose you to comment of each
of them, one each month.

I'm interested in gathering as much feedback from you as possible, like
in a brainstorming, but I want to refrain from discussing each comment.

Comments I'm interested in:

- Stuff you would add, change, or remove in each section of the
  skeleton.

  For example:

  « *I think that Kim is too scared to use the shared computer from his
  institution and instead he's rather borrowing from time to time the
  computer of a trusted friend.* »

- External data or research that could feed this persona.

  For example:

  « *Here is an article recently about the repression of gay youth in
  Africa: https://example.com/.* »

- You raw subjectivity.

  For example:

  « *I won't be able to work with a persona named Kim because I have
  daily nightmares involving Kim Jong-un.* »

Roles
=====

For each meeting, we need a notetaker and a facilitator. They should
designate themselves beforehand.

| Month          | Notetaker      | Facilitator  |
| -------------- | -------------- | ------------ |
| January 2018   | intrigeri      | mercedes508  |
| February 2018  | anonym         | sajolida     |
| March 2018     | anonym         | intrigeri    |
| April 2018     | u              | anonym       |
| May 2018       | sajolida       | segfault     |
| June 2018      | intrigeri      | u            |
| July 2018      | sajolida       | u            |
| August 2018    | sajolida       | segfault     |
| September 2018 |                | intrigeri    |
| October 2018   |                |              |
| November 2018  | intrigeri      |              |
| December 2018  |                |              |
