(05:00:58 PM) segfault: yo
(05:01:03 PM) segfault: meeting time
(05:01:07 PM) emmapeel: yep
(05:01:22 PM) sajolida: hellooo
(05:02:11 PM) segfault:
https://tails.boum.org/blueprint/monthly_meeting/
(05:02:22 PM) segfault: we still need a notetaker and a facilitator
(05:02:28 PM) segfault: I can do one of those
(05:03:25 PM) sajolida: i can take notes
(05:03:46 PM) segfault: then I can be the facilitator, if no one else
wants to do that
(05:04:06 PM) segfault: who is here for the meeting? drwhax Casper
emmapeel faccio goupille jvoisin kibi muri
(05:04:18 PM) jvoisin: o/
(05:04:22 PM) emmapeel: i am here for the meeting
(05:04:36 PM) segfault: yeah sorry emmapeel, you already made that clear
:)
(05:04:59 PM) segfault: ok, shall we start with the first topic?
(05:05:09 PM) segfault: Availability and plans for the next weeks
(05:05:41 PM) emmapeel: i want to finish the docs for additional
software this week, and then later on more frontdesk.
(05:06:04 PM) emmapeel: also working on the weblate server that is a bit
flaky since update
(05:06:10 PM) emmapeel: that's it
(05:06:44 PM) segfault: I still have quite some work to do for 3.9, and
I also have a new part time job, so I'm quite busy and won't be
available for much else that I didn't already sign up for
(05:07:40 PM) segfault: sajolida, jvoisin?
(05:07:47 PM) jvoisin: nope
(05:07:55 PM) sajolida: - Availability: Full until August 16, then I'll
be travelling in sprint and meetings.
- Plans: Finish VeraCrypt and Additional Software, prepare the work with
  Simply Secure at the summit, finish a first version of the personas
(and their images) in time for the summit, hopefully some doc writing.
(05:08:26 PM) jvoisin: (albeit I would like to add video support to MAT2
and to ship a 1.0 version soon™)
(05:08:35 PM) segfault: OK
(05:08:43 PM) segfault: then next topic, if no one has anything else to
add
(05:08:47 PM) segfault:    Volunteers to handle "Hole in the roof"
tickets this month
(05:09:21 PM) segfault: wow, that list became quite short
(05:09:36 PM) sajolida: no Hole in the Roof for me
(05:09:39 PM) segfault: same
(05:10:19 PM) segfault: emmapeel, jvoisin?
(05:10:19 PM) emmapeel: same
(05:10:22 PM) jvoisin: nope
(05:10:29 PM) segfault: OK, next topic
(05:10:32 PM) segfault:  Volunteers to handle important tickets flagged
for next release, but without assignee
(05:10:33 PM) ***jvoisin is mostly here to watch tbf
(05:10:46 PM) segfault: do we have a link for that?
(05:10:55 PM) sajolida: i'll prepare a link
(05:11:02 PM) segfault: can't we just add one to the blueprint?
(05:11:23 PM) emmapeel: it will have to be updated for each release
though
(05:11:44 PM) segfault: mmh yeah, would be a nice redmine feature to
have a "next release" tag
(05:12:20 PM) sajolida:
https://labs.riseup.net/code/projects/tails/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&set_filter=1&f%5B%5D=status_id&op%5Bstatus_id%5D=%3D&v%5Bstatus_id%5D%5B%5D=1&v%5Bstatus_id%5D%5B%5D=9&v%5Bstatus_id%5D%5B%5D=7&f%5B%5D=fixed_version_id&op%5Bfixed_version_id%5D=%3D&v%5Bfixed_version_id%5D%5B%5D=304&f%5B%5D=assigned_to_id&op%5Bassigned_to_id%5D=%21*&f%5B%5D=&c%5B%5D=tracker&c%5B%5D=status&c%5B%5D=priority&c%5B%5D=subject&c%5B%5D=author&c%5B%5D=assigned_to&c%5B%5D=updated_on&c%5B%5D=cf_9&group_by=&t%5B%5D=
(05:12:26 PM) sajolida: i think that would be the link
(05:12:28 PM) segfault: thanks
(05:12:49 PM) sajolida: and their is nothing relevant in there (i can
fix the metadata of both tickets)
(05:12:56 PM) segfault: great!
(05:13:07 PM) segfault: next topic then
(05:13:08 PM) segfault:  Important missing bits in the next monthly
report.
(05:13:17 PM) emmapeel: yes, please add your bits
(05:13:26 PM) emmapeel: pablonatalino and me are curating the report
(05:13:36 PM) segfault: not sure I have anything interesting to add
(05:13:39 PM) emmapeel: (well, i will help pablonatalino if he has
troubles etc)
(05:14:44 PM) segfault: I worked a lot on the VeraCrypt stuff, but I
don't think it makes sense to write an update about that in every report
(05:14:49 PM) sajolida: i don't think we've ever heard about the ongoing
work on the translation platform in the monthly reports and i miss
that...
(05:14:58 PM) segfault: (we already have the SponsorW reports for that)
(05:15:06 PM) segfault: the VeraCrypt stuff I mean
(05:16:10 PM) segfault: did we already have something about the
VeraCrypt beta in the June report or would that go in the July report?
(05:16:33 PM) sajolida: i think you should check and add it if it's not
there
(05:16:38 PM) segfault: yes
(05:16:50 PM) segfault: OK, anything else?
(05:16:57 PM) emmapeel: sajolida: ack about the translation platform!
(05:17:17 PM) sajolida: i'll shoot a mail to u and hefee about that
(05:18:17 PM) segfault: OK, next topic?
(05:18:39 PM) segfault: Strategic planning - We'll discuss "Oppressed
people can safely use Tails (e.g. without being detected) [B, +5-3]".
(05:18:50 PM) segfault: sajolida, is that yours?
(05:19:03 PM) sajolida: nope, that's intrigeri
(05:19:16 PM) segfault: ah, well then we will have to discuss that
during the next meeting I guess
(05:19:18 PM) faccio left the room (Disconnected: closed).
(05:19:22 PM) sajolida: like last month he's not here and we should
postpone it
(05:19:23 PM) emmapeel: intrigeri said he will likely be in bad shape to
attend the meeting
(05:19:34 PM) emmapeel: because of a flight i think
(05:19:34 PM) segfault: next topic then
(05:19:43 PM) segfault: Gather comments on our draft personas
(05:20:17 PM) segfault: sajolida, that is yours, right?
(05:20:22 PM) faccio entered the room.
(05:20:38 PM) sajolida: yeap
(05:20:42 PM) segfault: I remember we already spent a few minutes on
this 2 or 3 months ago
(05:21:07 PM) sajolida: we already reviewed personas #1, #2, and #3 -
this one is the last one!
(05:21:22 PM) faccio left the room (Disconnected: closed).
(05:21:38 PM) sajolida: so please take a few minutes to read:
- the objectives of the discussion in
  https://tails.boum.org/blueprint/monthly_meeting/
(05:22:02 PM) sajolida: - the draft we have for Derya in
https://tails.boum.org/blueprint/personas/#derya
(05:22:15 PM) sajolida: and the you can start commenting
(05:24:52 PM) segfault: do we comment on Derya or on Riou? because the
agenda says "Chapter 3: Riou, the protest organizer"
(05:25:09 PM) sajolida: sorry, i updated the agenda during the meeting
:) we're commenting on Derya! :)
(05:25:13 PM) segfault: ah ok
(05:25:19 PM) sajolida: we did Riou in July
(05:25:29 PM) segfault: damn, I missed Riou :/
(05:25:41 PM) sajolida: segfault: you can still comment on it by emai!!!
(05:25:46 PM) sajolida: (until August 9)
(05:26:05 PM) sajolida: or after the meeting
(05:26:17 PM) segfault: OK
(05:26:42 PM) goupille left the room.
(05:27:29 PM) emmapeel: hmm 
(05:27:56 PM) emmapeel: i think derya would like to be able to format
suspicious USB stick people gives them
(05:28:21 PM) sajolida: right, Derya is sometimes "doing stuff for
people" during training and such
(05:28:44 PM) segfault: "Turkish refugee in Germany" is unrealistic -
Germany doesn't allow Turkish refugees
(05:29:13 PM) segfault: Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan are countries from
which refugees are allowed to stay in Germany
(05:29:43 PM) sajolida: like for Chris, i might be using the term
"refugee" a bit too broadly...
(05:30:25 PM) sajolida: though i know people living in Germany who were
born and raised in Turkee and are living now in Germany to be safe
(LGBT) but i don't know if they have an official "refugee" status
(05:31:15 PM) sajolida: oops! s/Turkee/Turkey/ sorry!
(05:31:40 PM) sajolida: i think we said Derya was Turkish because of the
recent crackdown on digital security trainers in Turkey
(05:31:51 PM) sajolida: and the big Turkish community in Germany
(05:31:53 PM) segfault: that makes sense
(05:31:58 PM) sajolida: but that might need some fixing
(05:32:13 PM) sajolida: segfault: what do you think would be a more
likely scenario?
(05:32:33 PM) emmapeel: maybe Derya wants to print and make posters,
flyers, etc
(05:33:04 PM) sajolida: emmapeel: yeap, i should add more details about
his advocacy and training work, but it definitely includes sharing
printed material
(05:33:33 PM) sajolida: segfault: or a better word than "refugee"?
(05:33:41 PM) emmapeel: exile?
(05:33:42 PM) segfault: yeah, I don't think it's an unlikely scenario,
it's just the term refugee
(05:33:52 PM) segfault: I don't know
(05:33:55 PM) sajolida: Derya's first language is not German though
(05:34:22 PM) segfault: maybe just explain why she lives in Germany?
(05:34:37 PM) sajolida: ok, maybe "Derya is from the Turkish diaspora
living in Germany"?
(05:34:55 PM) kibi left the room (Disconnected: Replaced by new
connection).
(05:34:55 PM) kibi entered the room.
(05:35:05 PM) sajolida: ok, then why do you think they live in Germany?
they came their on their own as an adult? with their parents as a child?
(05:35:54 PM) emmapeel: as an adult because of homphobia?
(05:36:08 PM) sajolida: looking for a better life? avoiding some
concrete threat?
(05:37:11 PM) emmapeel: cause it is difficult to be gay there?
(05:37:28 PM) sajolida: homophobia would work as a reason why they are
living in Germany but i would make it a big focus on their persona (we
already have Kim for that)
(05:37:56 PM) sajolida: ok, homophobia and we don't really have to
explain how they got to German, if they are really a refugee or anything
(05:37:59 PM) sajolida: next?
(05:38:10 PM) sajolida: s/German/Germany/
(05:38:25 PM) segfault: or just don't explain anything
(05:38:42 PM) segfault: just say that she is Turkish and lives in
Germany
(05:38:44 PM) sajolida: segfault: right, they are just Turkish living in
Germany → great
(05:38:46 PM) segfault: without refugee
(05:38:54 PM) segfault: OK
(05:39:47 PM) sajolida: i'm realizing now that the training and advocacy
of Derya looks like the training and advocacy that we added to Riou in
July. i'm not sure what to do with that but we'll give it a second
thought with u on Thursday (we have a session to do something with all
these comments)
(05:39:57 PM) jvoisin left the room.
(05:41:28 PM) segfault: I'm bad at this, I can't think of anything to
comment
(05:41:37 PM) sajolida: that's ok!
(05:41:40 PM) sajolida: emmapeel: anything else?
(05:42:14 PM) emmapeel: hmmm nope sorry
(05:42:21 PM) sajolida: then we're done!
(05:42:32 PM) segfault: OK, that was last topic
(05:42:35 PM) sajolida: segfault: tell me if you want to have a look at
Riou right now and i'll stick around
(05:42:39 PM) segfault: so the meeting is over
(05:42:52 PM) segfault: sajolida: nah, I will look at it later and write
you an email
(05:42:56 PM) sajolida: ok!
(05:42:57 PM) segfault: (if I find anything to comment)
(05:43:02 PM) sajolida: :)
(05:43:05 PM) sajolida: nice, see you around then!
(05:43:08 PM) segfault: see you!
