[[!meta title="Emailing with Icedove (Thunderbird)"]]

For voice chatting, Tails Server includes <span
class="application">Mumble</span>.

[[!inline pages="doc/anonymous_internet/icedove/name.inline" raw="yes"]]

<div class="note">

[[!inline pages="doc/anonymous_internet/icedove/replacement.inline" raw="yes"]]

</div>

To start <span class="application">Icedove</span> choose
<span class="menuchoice">
  <span class="guimenu">Applications</span>&nbsp;▸
  <span class="guisubmenu">Internet</span>&nbsp;▸
  <span class="guimenuitem">Icedove</span>
</span>.

<div class="tip">

<p>You can activate the [[<strong>Icedove</strong> persistence
feature|doc/first_steps/persistence/configure#icedove]] to store your
emails and settings across separate working sessions.</p>

</div>

For more detailed documentation, refer to the [official
<span class="application">Mumble</span>
documentation](http://wiki.mumble.info/wiki/FAQ).

Configure the Service
=====================

The <span class="application">Mumble</span> service is preconfigured in Tails, so you are able to start it without modifying configuration. But you are able to modify some of the service's configuration in the Tails Server.

1. Password: The password required to connect to the service.

1. Persistent: Stores the service configuration persistently (i.e. it will not be reset after rebooting Tails).

1. Autostart: Starts this service automatically after boot.

1. Allow LAN: Allows connection from your local area network (LAN) to the service. 

   <div class="tip">
   <p>To connect locally, you will have to find out which IP address your computer is assigned on your local network. You can look it up in the <span class="application">Network</span> application. To open it, open <span class="menuchoice">
     <span class="guimenu">Applications</span>&nbsp;▸
     <span class="guisubmenu">System Tools</span>&nbsp;▸
     <span class="guimenuitem">Settings</span>&nbsp;▸
   </span> and then open <span class="guimenuitem">Network</span>.
   </div>


Connect to the Service
======================

You connect to the <span class="application">Mumble</span> service using the <span class="application">Mumble</span> client. You can open it by clicking on 
<span class="menuchoice">
  <span class="guimenu">Applications</span>&nbsp;▸
  <span class="guisubmenu">Internet</span>&nbsp;▸
  <span class="guimenuitem">Mumble</span>
</span>.
To connect to the service, you will need the onion address, the Port (defaults to 64738) and the password. This information can be easily distributed by the service administrator using the <em>Connection String</em>.


[[!inline pages="doc/anonymous_internet/icedove/account_creation.inline" raw="yes"]]

OpenPGP encryption with Enigmail
================================

<span class="application">Icedove</span> in Tails includes the
<span class="application">[Enigmail](https://www.enigmail.net/)</span>
extension to encrypt and authenticate emails using OpenPGP.

To configure <span class="application">Enigmail</span> for your email account, you can start the
<span class="application">Enigmail Setup Wizard</span> by choosing
<span class="menuchoice">
  <span class="guimenu">[[!img lib/open-menu.png alt="Menu" class=symbolic link=no]]</span>&nbsp;▸
  <span class="guisubmenu">Enigmail</span>&nbsp;▸
  <span class="guimenuitem">Setup Wizard</span></span>.

You can also create an OpenPGP key associated with your email address as
part of the <span class="application">Enigmail Setup Wizard</span>.

If you are new to OpenPGP, you can read the following guides on getting
started with encrypting emails using
<span class="application">Icedove</span> and
<span class="application">Enigmail</span>:

  - [Security-in-a-Box: Thunderbird & OpenPGP - secure email](https://securityinabox.org/en/guide/thunderbird/windows)
  - [Enigmail: Enigmail Quick Start Guide](https://www.enigmail.net/documentation/quickstart.php)

Enhanced privacy with TorBirdy
==============================

<span class="application">Icedove</span> in Tails includes the
<span class="application">[TorBirdy](https://trac.torproject.org/projects/tor/wiki/torbirdy)</span>
extension for additional privacy and anonymity.

<div class="note">

<p>Sending emails in HTML format is disabled by <span class="application">TorBirdy</span>. Emails received in HTML format
are displayed in plain text and can become harder to read.</p>

</div>

To learn more about the security properties of <span class="application">TorBirdy</span>,
you can read its [design document](https://trac.torproject.org/projects/tor/attachment/wiki/doc/TorifyHOWTO/EMail/Thunderbird/Thunderbird%2BTor.pdf).
