(05:00:17 PM) u: oh i'm the facilitator!
(05:00:21 PM) groente: emmapeel: different meeting i think
(05:00:24 PM) u: emmapeel: what is "we" ?
(05:00:24 PM) sajolida: yeah yeah!
(05:00:27 PM) groente: (i was confused aswell)
(05:00:37 PM) u: emmapeel: yes, translation meeting, tomorrow 14h
(05:00:40 PM) u: now is monthly meeting
(05:01:12 PM) u: segfault, nodens, muri, intrigeri, drwhax, spriver, Casper, gaff: here for the monthly meeting?
(05:01:21 PM) u: we need a notetaker, any volunteers?
(05:01:21 PM) emmapeel: i wasnt confused until groente said something :P
(05:01:28 PM) gaff: I am. *waves*
(05:01:40 PM) u: emmapeel: ah ah ah
(05:01:45 PM) u: https://tails.boum.org/blueprint/monthly_meeting/
(05:02:13 PM) u: Notetakers?
(05:03:09 PM) u: ok, well, I'll probably do it myself if nobody else does it. so we can start!
(05:03:17 PM) u: this meeting is supposed to last 1 hour max.
(05:03:21 PM) sajolida: i can take notes
(05:03:31 PM) u: sajolida: oh yeah :)
(05:03:45 PM) sajolida: gaff: it's your first meeting, right? welcome!
(05:04:02 PM) u: gaff: tell us if you don't understand anything, ok?
(05:04:19 PM) gaff: Indeed it is. 
(05:04:35 PM) emmapeel: sorry i am not able to take notes neither today :S
(05:04:43 PM) gaff: I'm mostly here to say hi really.
(05:04:44 PM) u: As always we look at Hole in the roof tickets https://labs.riseup.net/code/versions/198. Anybody wants to work on any of those?
(05:04:51 PM) u: gaff: that's fine :)
(05:05:22 PM) nodens: hi there
(05:05:33 PM) nodens: sorry I'm late 
(05:05:35 PM) u: hey nodens
(05:05:57 PM) spriver: wrt. Hole in the roof; not me
(05:06:01 PM) spriver: hi nodens
(05:06:02 PM) u: I wont do any work on hole in the roof tickets.
(05:06:09 PM) sajolida: no "hole in the roof" for me
(05:06:25 PM) nodens: neither for me this time
(05:06:57 PM) emmapeel: i have been asking people around for #7102 but no luck yet
(05:06:58 PM) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Feature #7102: Evaluate how safe haveged is in a virtualized environment https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/7102
(05:07:46 PM) u: ok, then the next point is "Tickets flagged for next release without assignee" → there are none.
(05:08:04 PM) u: https://labs.riseup.net/code/projects/tails/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&set_filter=1&f%5B%5D=status_id&op%5Bstatus_id%5D=%3D&v%5Bstatus_id%5D%5B%5D=9&f%5B%5D=fixed_version_id&op%5Bfixed_version_id%5D=%3D&v%5Bfixed_version_id%5D%5B%5D=304&f%5B%5D=assigned_to_id&op%5Bassigned_to_id%5D=%21*&f%5B%5D=&c%5B%5D=tracker&c%5B%5D=status&c%5B%5D=priority&c%5B%5D=subject&c%5B%5D=author&c%5B%5D=assigned_to&c%5B%5D=updated_on&c%5B%5D=cf_9&group_by=&t%5B%5D=
(05:08:05 PM) emmapeel: although maybe somebody can aswer dkg's comment on #7102 maybe?
(05:08:08 PM) gaff: So by way of introduction, my interests are Persistence and Plausible Deniability (as intrigeri has probably figured out by being at the receiving end of my redmine questions). As such I could tentatively offer to assist with #8447
(05:08:09 PM) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Bug #8447: Persistent data is not erased when persistence features are disabled https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/8447
(05:08:10 PM) u: oops no, there are two of them.
(05:08:54 PM) u: gaff: great :) do you want to look into it a bit and comment on it?
(05:09:07 PM) gaff: Sure think
(05:09:33 PM) gaff: One caveat: If it involves changing the perl persistence GUI it might be beyond me. [Insert opinionated rant about perl guis here]
(05:09:38 PM) gaff: *sure thing
(05:09:55 PM) u: emmapeel: assigning it to intrigeri/foundations team with "info needed"
(05:10:38 PM) u: gaff: having a look..
(05:11:07 PM) emmapeel: thanks u 
(05:11:53 PM) sajolida: i'm marking #8447 as related to #14544 as we should continue building a list of "smallish" UX improvements that we want to proritize
(05:11:54 PM) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Feature #14544: Spend software developer time on smallish UX improvements https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/14544
(05:12:12 PM) u: gaff: i think it does involve coding in perl :(
(05:12:22 PM) gaff: Ugh, well I'll take a look anyway. How hard can it be :p
(05:12:30 PM) nodens left the room (Disconnected: Replaced by new connection).
(05:12:30 PM) emmapeel: famous last words :D
(05:12:56 PM) nodens entered the room.
(05:13:02 PM) u: gaff: great! I'll assign that ticket to you then. feel free to unassign if you see that it does not work out for you.
(05:13:08 PM) nodens: (great timing for a power outage... I have bad cell reception but will try anyway)
(05:13:24 PM) u: nodens: you're back quickly :)
(05:13:57 PM) nodens: gaff: I looked into it before, and I can confirm you it involves perl ;)
(05:14:09 PM) nodens: u: yeah but veeeeery bad latency
(05:14:13 PM) u: gaff: let us know if you need to know where the code lives or if you can find that out via our doc.
(05:14:39 PM) gaff: I found the code already. Just not entirely sure how to setup a working perl dev environment
(05:14:40 PM) u: ok! then.. again.. "Volunteers to handle important tickets flagged for next release, but without assignee"
(05:14:52 PM) u: gaff: maybe nodens or intrigeri can give some tips
(05:14:57 PM) gaff: kk
(05:15:03 PM) u: gaff: thanks!
(05:15:07 PM) u: https://labs.riseup.net/code/projects/tails/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&set_filter=1&f%5B%5D=status_id&op%5Bstatus_id%5D=%3D&v%5Bstatus_id%5D%5B%5D=9&f%5B%5D=fixed_version_id&op%5Bfixed_version_id%5D=%3D&v%5Bfixed_version_id%5D%5B%5D=304&f%5B%5D=assigned_to_id&op%5Bassigned_to_id%5D=%21*&f%5B%5D=&c%5B%5D=tracker&c%5B%5D=status&c%5B%5D=priority&c%5B%5D=subject&c%5B%5D=author&c%5B%5D=assigned_to&c%5B%5D=updated_on&c%5B%5D=cf_9&group_by=&t%5B%5D=
(05:16:12 PM) sajolida: both are marked as work for the Foundations Team so i expect intrigeri to handle their assignees
(05:16:13 PM) u: it seems both tickets will at some point be treated by the Foundations Team (FT), so let's switch to our next point.
(05:16:22 PM) u: Availability and plans until the next meeting
(05:16:24 PM) sajolida: see https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/15213#note-13
(05:16:25 PM) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Bug #15213: Tails signing key can't be imported from Seahorse with the default key files filter https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/15213
(05:16:33 PM) u: sajolida: see my comment above :)
(05:17:07 PM) u: so.. i'm avaible for Tails during the next month, will attend DebConf, so plenty of time for nerdy tasks.
(05:17:10 PM) sajolida: yeah, we typed at the same time
(05:17:30 PM) spriver: availability and plans: not thaaaat much Tails related work. Still trying to get back into it, but let's see
(05:17:43 PM) u: spriver: ack :)
(05:18:09 PM) emmapeel: my availability: this weekend i'll attend tdb.camp and then i will hang out for two weeks in amsterdam until i go to montenegro to meet with tactical tech people about journalists apps
(05:18:26 PM) kibi entered the room.
(05:18:40 PM) nodens: Availibility very low until I arrive at debcamp on the 24th
(05:18:49 PM) sajolida: Availability: "Full" except July 11-15
Plans: Finish VeraCrypt and Additional Software, continue the work with Simply Secure and planning the summit, move forward the personas, hopefully do some work on the donations.
(05:19:38 PM) emmapeel: i will be finishig the additional software docs and the other stuff on redmine while in amsterdam, then i will be doing helpdesk.
(05:19:51 PM) nodens: plans: I'll continue to handle emergencies / support tickets for OpenPGP Applet but nothing else I think
(05:20:10 PM) u: ack!
(05:20:20 PM) u: Next point: Important missing bits in the next monthly report.
(05:20:48 PM) ***groente will see emmapeel at tbd and will be busy with weblate and daily sysadmin shifts in the next weeks, apart from that i'm pretty full
(05:20:49 PM) u: if you have not done it already, please add your bits. sajolida is the curator this month and wants to publish ot on the 10th of july i think
(05:21:22 PM) sajolida: or tomorrow, if there are no missing bits :)
(05:21:27 PM) nodens: nothing to add since I've done nothing :-/
(05:21:30 PM) u: oh!
(05:21:59 PM) emmapeel: i am not sure if publishing about the montenegro thing. maybe after it passed. i need to check with the other people
(05:22:07 PM) u: emmapeel: yes :)
(05:22:12 PM) u: ok then let's move on to our actual discussions!
(05:22:24 PM) sajolida: it's not public so it doesn't make much sense to announce it, i think
(05:22:42 PM) u: Strategic planning.  We'll discuss "Oppressed people can safely use Tails (e.g. without being detected) [B, +5-3]".  See strategic planning for the terminology. → who prepared this discussion? sajolida, you I suppose?
(05:22:53 PM) sajolida: u: you're going fast!
(05:23:02 PM) sajolida: i thought the report would take more than 1 minute to read :)
(05:23:21 PM) u: oh! and I thought we're just announcing it and people can add their bits later.
(05:23:37 PM) sajolida: ah, thaanother option... but then i don't know if i can publish it already
(05:23:46 PM) emmapeel: groente: i will stay in amsterdam after the tbd, so maybe we can hang out in the LAG do some hackin'
(05:23:56 PM) groente: emmapeel: sounds good!
(05:24:09 PM) sajolida: on the other hand, emmapeel, nodens, you, and me already spoke up on this topic...
(05:24:16 PM) sajolida: so sorry, i think it's fine to move on
(05:24:40 PM) sajolida: unless spriver has something to add maybe
(05:24:43 PM) u: sajolida: i've got nothing to add, except for Debconf in upcoming events
(05:25:01 PM) sajolida: ok, i'll add Debconf to the upcoming events
(05:25:07 PM) kibi left the room (Disconnected: Replaced by new connection).
(05:25:09 PM) u: sajolida: thanks!
(05:25:23 PM) spriver: sajolida: I think there's nothing to add from my side
(05:25:29 PM) u: then let's move on to our first discussion for real.
(05:25:37 PM) u: Strategic planning.  We'll discuss "Oppressed people can safely use Tails (e.g. without being detected) [B, +5-3]".  See strategic planning (https://tails.boum.org/blueprint/strategic_planning/) for the terminology. → who prepared this discussion? sajolida, you I suppose?
(05:25:42 PM) kibi entered the room.
(05:25:55 PM) sajolida: intrigeri: is leading the efforts on this front but he's not here
(05:26:08 PM) sajolida: so either we feel like having this discussion unprepared without him, either we skip it
(05:26:24 PM) emmapeel: i could try to speak about this with the tor people doing the global-south initiative 
(05:26:52 PM) u: ok let's skip it.
(05:27:13 PM) sajolida: for example, did anybody here downvoted this item during the session at the summit?
(05:27:13 PM) groente: what's the point of this discussion, to discuss whether that proposition is true?
(05:27:25 PM) groente: or how we can make it true?
(05:27:38 PM) sajolida: (otherwise we'd have to guess the arguments against which might not be very practical...)
(05:28:23 PM) u: groente: at the last summit we did a session about strategic planning. like where do we see Tails in the next 5 or 10 years. And there were some controversial items on the map.
(05:28:43 PM) u: but i think we should skip it now.
(05:29:00 PM) groente: u: ah, okay
(05:29:08 PM) u: and instead continue with a discussion prepared by the dear sajolida about personas!
(05:29:15 PM) sajolida: yeah yeah!
(05:29:28 PM) emmapeel: i like 'prepared'
(05:29:29 PM) u: please read https://tails.boum.org/blueprint/monthly_meeting/ (Gather comments on our draft personas)
(05:29:29 PM) sajolida: the discussion is explained on the blueprint of the meeting:
(05:29:50 PM) u: every meeting we discuss one of the personas that we have come up with and this is the 3rd time we do that.
(05:29:51 PM) sajolida: https://tails.boum.org/blueprint/monthly_meeting/
below "Gather comments on our draft personas"
(05:29:55 PM) sajolida: please start reading this
(05:30:20 PM) sajolida: then read the draft persona #3: Riou → https://tails.boum.org/blueprint/personas/#riou
(05:30:28 PM) sajolida: i'll leave everybody 5 minutes to read all that
(05:30:55 PM) sajolida: then we can start commenting, asking for clarification, maybe raising concerns, but not entering into debates
(05:31:04 PM) u: does anybody need an explanation of what a persona is?
(05:31:56 PM) u: In order to publish this information they use websites which are not in the country, so that the government cannot shut them down. → we should write "not hosted on servers within the country"
(05:32:57 PM) u: They got to get it online as soon as it's produced on sociadia and they also want to stream the protest and speeches.  → They got to get it online and on social media as soon as it's produced. They also want to stream the protest and speeches. 
(05:33:13 PM) u: Although they take photos and videos of the protests and try to publish this information on websites which are censored within the country.  → this sentence is a bit unclear
(05:33:23 PM) groente: does anyone actually have contacts with activists in hong kong?
(05:33:51 PM) u: they want other to have access to uncensored information. → they want other*s* to have access to uncensored information.
(05:33:51 PM) groente: i find it hard to comment because i know close to nothing about the local context there
(05:33:55 PM) u: groente: nope
(05:34:19 PM) u: groente: it's just an example, it could be in another country.
(05:34:29 PM) emmapeel: this picture taking and streaming sounds a bit temerarious i think....
(05:34:45 PM) groente: in that case, i would argue for choosing another country where we do actually know the local context and can make a realistic persona
(05:35:59 PM) nodens: "They also want to stream the protest and speeches" -> isn't "stream" a bit misleading ? I doubt they'd try to do it live
(05:36:26 PM) nodens: (if they want to do that, that would probably be both difficult and risky)
(05:36:27 PM) sajolida: the 5 minutes are over and i'm done reading
(05:36:31 PM) emmapeel: yeah i would not do it (although i dont know anythig about hong kong
(05:36:39 PM) u: groente: it's not totally made up, it's constructed from media reports, and similar activities in other places.
(05:36:54 PM) u: nodens: right
(05:37:06 PM) u: maybe "record" and later publish would be better
(05:37:13 PM) spriver: u: ack
(05:37:24 PM) gaff: (I'm afraid I need to go now - but nice to meet you all! Speak soon I hope)
(05:37:41 PM) emmapeel: yes yes i see riou could do with a little hideout with good connection, where the protestors will go ad give their memory cards.
(05:37:54 PM) u: gaff: see you :)
(05:38:04 PM) spriver: gaff: see you
(05:38:18 PM) ***sajolida catching up with all that...
(05:38:35 PM) nodens: (the "record then publish" doesn't change the goal)
(05:39:05 PM) nodens: see you gaff !
(05:39:08 PM) u: groente: we also don't know our first persona, the gay youngster from nigeria..
(05:39:09 PM) sajolida: groente: yes, it would be super cool to match this more closely to context that we know better
an option would be to look for contacts in Hong-Kong or to choose another location
do you have any ideas regarding either of these options?
(05:39:13 PM) groente: u: i can ask the folks at hivos/ddp if they have any contacts in hong kong that could have a look at the persona
(05:39:27 PM) u: groente: that sounds great!
(05:39:38 PM) sajolida: until now it's pretty made up, in the sense that we didn't go back to actual reports and sources to write all this down
(05:39:42 PM) u: let's ask Ed :)
(05:40:00 PM) groente: u: ah, a friend of mine is working on lgbt rights in uganda iirc, i can ask her for contacts for the first persona
(05:40:10 PM) u: groente: yeah!
(05:40:16 PM) emmapeel: nice!
(05:40:28 PM) u: groente: don't hesitate to Cc: sajolida and me
(05:40:30 PM) groente: idk, sofar it reads rather emea-minded
(05:40:32 PM) sajolida: it's unclear to me with what device their take pictures and record, since they also leave their phones at home: are they using dedicates phone? other people's phone? offline cameras?
(05:40:36 PM) u: or even our public mailing list? tails-ux@
(05:40:45 PM) sajolida: groente: amazing! i'll do t!
(05:41:26 PM) kibi left the room (Disconnected: Replaced by new connection).
(05:41:27 PM) sajolida: by the way, is the Umbrella movement still a thing? should we made it more movement-agnostic?
(05:41:37 PM) u: sajolida: yeah maybe we need to say that they actually do use their phones or that they use a video camera
(05:41:41 PM) nodens: sajolida: I would say any of those three, I don't think this has any influence on the challenges - or rather, the challenges seem irrelevant in tails context
(05:41:57 PM) sajolida: right
(05:42:19 PM) u: no it's not a thing anymore
(05:42:58 PM) sajolida: so their work with Tails could only occur before or after the protests, right?
(05:43:06 PM) u: groente: emea?
(05:43:20 PM) groente: u: europe & middle east
(05:43:21 PM) u: sajolida: yes, or in some press center
(05:43:29 PM) sajolida: so maybe we should get into more details regarding the preparation and follow up of the protest, and leave aside the technical details of their opsec during the protest, no?
(05:43:48 PM) u: sajolida: like at G20 people had such a press center → but this event would be too controversial to make into a persona
(05:43:56 PM) nodens: sajolida: maybe another goal: "I want people to be able to easily access censored information" ? Or is that not part of the persona ?
(05:43:57 PM) u: sajolida: ack
(05:44:58 PM) sajolida: nodens: i think that Riou might be the kind of person has also helps other access censored information
(05:45:06 PM) emmapeel: maybe riou wants to have some hidden camera o their clothing
(05:45:09 PM) nodens: sajolida: the phrasing would probably need to be refined but the idea is that it is probably important for Kim that people in her/his county can read the infromation
(05:45:13 PM) sajolida: at least they are trying to spread censored information within their country
(05:45:15 PM) sajolida: so yes!
(05:45:16 PM) nodens: sorry, Riou
(05:45:41 PM) sajolida: nodens: exactly
(05:45:49 PM) emmapeel: riou eeds backups too, for the team to share the different pictures
(05:45:56 PM) sajolida: so maybe Riou gives out Tails S
(05:46:02 PM) emmapeel: like a mediagoblin or something
(05:46:03 PM) sajolida: ticks during the protest!!
(05:46:09 PM) nodens: that raises interesting challenges
(05:46:20 PM) nodens: yeah or advertises about Tails at least
(05:46:56 PM) nodens: or organises workshops during the protest :D
(05:47:22 PM) sajolida: or gives out outreach material or translate Tails into their language, etc.
(05:47:31 PM) nodens: (but that would be probably dangerous too. You don't want to bring a laptop to this protest I guess)
(05:47:47 PM) groente: maybe riou runs a clandestine private bridge and wants to share this with fellow protesters?
(05:47:54 PM) sajolida: right!
(05:48:04 PM) emmapeel: yes!
(05:48:13 PM) sajolida: how technical do you think is Riou?
(05:48:21 PM) nodens: also, printed material (user manual for instance)
(05:48:40 PM) emmapeel: mahybe she is studying computer science
(05:48:42 PM) u: normal → power user i think
(05:48:47 PM) sajolida: are they the more techie of their crew? or simply the one who's more into communication and knows some Wordpress?
(05:49:44 PM) u: yeah, they are the more techie ones i think and have had a blog before and used twitter
(05:49:51 PM) nodens: Oh I got a new one - "I want to know which websites are censored in country"
(05:49:51 PM) groente: sajolida: i think the latter is more appropriate for a persona, it gives us more of a challenge and a larger target audience
(05:50:06 PM) nodens: (a job for ONII Probe)
(05:50:09 PM) sajolidmmapeel: Riou look like one of these people we meet at the IFF, well versed in anti-censorship tools and advocacy but without being a Linux hacker either
(05:50:29 PM) emmapeel: sajolida:  riou will have a mac then! :S
(05:50:36 PM) sajolida: definitely :)
(05:50:38 PM) u: hahaha
(05:50:54 PM) sajolida: and likes glitter
(05:50:57 PM) u: and a apfelphone :)
(05:51:07 PM) nodens: "I want to be able to type without external keyboard on my Mac computer while using tails" ? ;)
(05:51:13 PM) emmapeel: if the organizers communicate stealthily, maybe they can share the pictures with onionshare
(05:52:04 PM) emmapeel: maybe they have one of those canon cameras with hacked firmware and can encrypt the pictures when they are taken, just i case they get caught
(05:52:14 PM) sajolida: does Riou work with journalists in their country?
or are they more the "we do our stuff and never talk to the press" kind of protesters?
(05:52:47 PM) nodens: sajolida: I'd say Riou might want to communicate anonymously with the press
(05:53:03 PM) groente: sajolida: answering that really requires knowledge of the local context
(05:53:08 PM) sajolida: are they only pushing stuff to the press or are they collaborating more with them?
(05:53:28 PM) u: sajolida: i think they work with journalists. but if that protest was the G20 or some anticoal event in Germany, they would not
(05:53:35 PM) sajolida: ok
(05:53:39 PM) emmapeel: i think riou and her comrades should create a fictional character that talks with the press
(05:53:48 PM) spriver: u: ack
(05:54:00 PM) sajolida: can you think about other contexts that Hong-Kong that might be easier to learn from?
(05:54:09 PM) nodens: Taiwan ? :P
(05:54:15 PM) emmapeel: maybe they work with international journalists, like from the guardian but not the ones in HongKong
(05:54:27 PM) sajolida: are people protesting a lot in Taiwan? (just asking!)
(05:54:34 PM) nodens: I have no idea
(05:54:38 PM) u: i dont think so
(05:55:33 PM) u: i can only think of european protests here. and in south korea there are many violent union protests, but i think it's mostly older people, and i dont know how they use technology nor how the press relates to these protests. but i can ask a friend.
(05:55:58 PM) emmapeel: Young protesters in the northern city of Taoyuan, carrying an anti-China  banner, splashed red paint on the tomb of Chiang Kai-shek in February: https://www.nytimes.com/2018/02/28/world/asia/taiwan-chiang-kai-shek.html
(05:56:05 PM) nodens: From the little I know, Taiwan is much more lax than Mainland China regarding freedom of speach / xcensorship
(05:56:21 PM) sajolida: i also have plenty of contacts with union people in South Korea, but that wouldn't work regarding censorship circumvention, right?
(05:56:34 PM) u: union protest in korea: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgcwkNLY814 i dont think they talk anymore!
(05:56:38 PM) emmapeel: over 100.000 protested agaist the China trade deal
(05:57:11 PM) sajolida: maybe i should have a look at a list of hard-core censorship countries
(05:57:12 PM) emmapeel: that one in Taiwan also. i guess that as long as they complain about China they can do it :D
(05:57:21 PM) sajolida: 3 minutes left before the end of the meeting :)
(05:57:25 PM) u: sajolida: i dont know the state of censorship there
(05:57:33 PM) sajolida: or ask OONI
(05:57:43 PM) sajolida: for countries/contextes and maybe even contacts
(05:58:17 PM) sajolida: ok, thank you all for the feedback!
(05:58:30 PM) nodens: I do intend to test in Taiwan when I'm there :D
(05:58:36 PM) sajolida: nodens: :)
(05:59:12 PM) u this persona was very controversial :)
(05:59:21 PM) groente: would turkey be a good alternative?
(05:59:41 PM) nodens: Well there is already Derya, even if it's a bit different
(05:59:42 PM) sajolida: groente: we have Turkey for persona#4, but we can definitely swap countries around if needed :)
(05:59:54 PM) u: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017%E2%80%9318_Iranian_protests or this
(06:00:00 PM) groente: oh, right
(06:00:15 PM) sajolida: Iran would be another easy choice
(06:00:47 PM) emmapeel: ey, what about a spanish rapper condemed to 3 years for writing a song, that needs to release a new album?
(06:00:48 PM) groente: anyway, i'll ask around for contacts
(06:00:57 PM) sajolida: emmapeel: :)))
(06:01:03 PM) u: cool!
(06:01:10 PM) u: meeting is over!
(06:01:14 PM) groente: \o/
(06:01:29 PM) u: see you tomorrow, some of you, others on thursday, others maybe soon in real life :)
(06:01:34 PM) u: thanks for attending!
(06:01:46 PM) spriver: see you all!
(06:01:59 PM) nodens: by eveyone :)
